Create new readme and add LICENSE (#34)
energinet-singularity/file-mover: README.md

### Exposed environment variables:

| Name | Default value | Description |
|--|--|--|
|SMB_INPUTPATH|/input|The path where files are read from (local or SMB)[^1]|
|SMB_OUTPUTPATH|/output|The path where files are delivered to (local or SMB)[^1]|
|SMB_USERNAME|None|The username to use for reading/writing files in case SMB is used|
|SMB_PASSWORD|None|The password to use for reading/writing files in case SMB is used|
|ARCHIVE|FALSE|If not 'FALSE', archiving will be enabled (see [Archiving](#archiving))|
|ARCHIVE_CLEAN_INTERVAL_H|24|Interval in hours between each archive-folder scan (check for old files)|
|ARCHIVE_MAX_AGE_D|60|Maximum allowed age of archive-files (in days) before they are deleted|
|SLEEPTIME|5|Time between each scan of the input-folder, and thereby file-move|

> |CLEAR_INPUT|FALSE|Port of the ksql-server (will be ignored if port is included in KSQL_HOST)|

Reviewer: Describtion to this variable CLEAR_INPUT seems to have a copy/paste error or at least the link between the two is understood by reading it.

> |CLEAR_INPUT|FALSE|Port of the ksql-server (will be ignored if port is included in KSQL_HOST)|

Author: ```suggestion
|CLEAR_INPUT|FALSE|If not 'FALSE', files will be deleted after being read in 'input' folder|
```
